---
layout: post
title:      "React/Redux: A CORS adventure. "
date:       2018-03-18 20:42:58 +0000
permalink:  react_redux_a_cors_adventure
---


I started my project with a pretty clear vision of what I wanted to build. After picking up tarot reading a few years ago it quickly became a frequent request from friends and aquantinces. While I enjoy reading cards I also have a busy schedule and friends scattered all across the country. Enter my tarot app! I have long thought of building a website to potentially monetize my services or provide my friends an AI tarot reader for when I am not available. Perfect for my first React/Redux app! So i get to building. Creating my API with the tarot data was easy enought after all that I have learned here at flatiron. The react portion was a bit harder as I am still sorting out all the details of props and state and store etc etc. However, my real first challenge came from dun dun dun CORS. Ugh. While fetching my card data from the API I kept getting error messages. So I looked them up as one does, this was my first trip down the internet learing about Cross-Origin Resource Sharing and the fix was (decievingly) simple. Add a chrome extension and you'll be fine I read. Great! Sorted. So I continue building my app with no problems. Things are looking good. I reach out for a 1:1 to get some clarity about provider and where to start with a fetch post request. He mentions that he cloned my repo. Ask if my question is related to cors. I tell him about my great extension! It's all fine! Cut to later that evening. Evverything is built. My post request is erroring. It's a similar message to my last. I adjust my mode to 'no-cors'. The error changes. 400. Syntax error. I try (almost) everything. At 4 am I realize I am hitting a wall. I set up another 1:1 for the next day. The next day when it's time for the 1:1 I am no closer to solving the mystery. I figure it's either my cors settings or my syntax but am at a loss for how to proceed. My instuctor was patient and amazing. We tried a bunch of remedys but relif came in the form or a cors.rb file. Something I should have had from the begining. It was a lesson well learned. And I deleted the false hope of the cors chrome extention. The file removed any need of it and ensured that anyone cloning the project would'nt run into any trouble. 
